README file for the pc-borland subdirectory
Last modified on Fri Oct 21 13:26:03 1994 by eroberts
________________________________________________________________________

The pc-borland directory contains an implementation of the cslib library
designed for use with the Borland C/C++ compiler.  The development and
testing of the package has been performed with version 4.0 of the
compiler, so you should use that version if possible.  The library
packages -- particularly the DOS version -- may work with older versions
of the compiler, but it is not possible to test the package with every
existing version of the compiler.

INSTALLING THE BORLAND LIBRARIES

There are actually two versions of the Borland cslib package: one for
DOS and one for Microsoft Windows.  The easiest apporach is to install
both versions of these libraries on your machine and then use whichever
one is appropriate for your class.

TO INSTALL THE PC/BORLAND VERSION OF THE LIBRARIES:

1.  Make sure that the Borland C/C++ compiler is installed on your
    system.

2.  Connect to the top-level directory for the Borland compiler.  This
    directory should contain, among others, the subdirectories BIN, LIB,
    INCLUDE, and BGI.

3.  Use FTP to retrieve the file CSLIB.EXE from the pc-borland
    subdirectory of the aw.com archive.  To retrieve the file correctly,
    you must set your FTP process to binary mode.

4.  Execute the CSLIB.EXE file by typing

         CSLIB

    at the DOS prompt.  This command constructs the complete CSLIB
    directory.

5.  Complete the installation of the package by typing

         CSLIB\TOOLS\INSTALL

    This command installs all the #include files in the appropriate
    directory and then rebuilds all the necessary object files and
    libraries.

USING CSLIB IN A DOS ENVIRONMENT

The DOS version of the library package is intended for PC users who do
not run Microsoft Windows.  Even without Windows, C programs can perform
simple graphics, and the DOS version of the libraries implements the
basic graphics.h interface using the DOS-based Borland Graphics
Interface.  None of the advanced features of the extgraph.h interface
are available in the DOS version.

To build a DOS program using the libraries, you need to make sure that
the following parameters are set in the project window:

    Target type = Application
    Platform = DOS Standard
    Target Model = Large
    Standard Libraries: BGI + Runtime

You must also add the file CSLIB\DOS\CSLIB.LIB to each project that you
create.

USING CSLIB IN A MICROSOFT WINDOWS ENVIRONMENT

The Windows version of the library package is significantly more
powerful that the DOS version, but requires you to run Microsoft Windows
on your machine.  The Windows version of cslib contains a complete
implementation of the graphics library that includes both the standard
and the extended features.

To build a Windows program using the libraries, you need to make sure
that the following parameters are set in the project window:

    Target type = EasyWin
    Platform = Windows 3.x(16)
    Target Model = Large
    Standard Libraries: Runtime

You must also add the file CSLIB\WINDOWS\CSLIB.LIB to each project that
you create.

NOTES AND DISCLAIMERS

The cslib libraries are in the public domain and may be freely copied
and distributed, although they remain under development.  No warranties
are made concerning their correctness or stability, and no user support
is guaranteed.  Bug reports and suggestions, however, are appreciated
and may be sent to

                      Eric Roberts <ericr@aw.com>
