README file for the mac-think-c subdirectory
Last modified on Thu Oct 20 00:01:21 1994 by eroberts
________________________________________________________________________

This directory contains an implementation of the cslib library designed
for use with the THINK C and Symantec C++ compilers for the Macintosh.
The development and testing of the package has been performed with
version 5.0 and 6.0 of the THINK C compiler and version 7.0 of the
Symantec C++ compiler.  The library packages may work with other
versions of these compiler, but it is impossible to test the package
with every version of existing compilers.

TO INSTALL THE MACINTOSH VERSION OF THE LIBRARIES ON YOUR MACHINE:

1.  Connect your FTP application to the mac-think-c directory on the
    aw.com server.

2.  If your version of FTP allows you to do so, set the transfer type to
    BinHex4 and retrieve the file cslib.hqx.  This file is a compressed
    archive of the library package produced using a combination of two
    utilities for the Macintosh: CompactPro and BinHex4.  If your FTP
    application does not support BinHex4 retrieval directly, retrieve
    the cslib.hqx archive in text mode and run it through the public-
    domain BinHex4 conversion utility, which you will have to obtain for
    your Macintosh.  At this point, you should have an application file
    on your Macintosh called cslib.sea, which is the output of the
    BinHex4 conversion.

3.  Run the cslib.sea application by double-clicking its icon.

4.  When the file dialog for the CompactPro utility appears, select the
    folder that contains the THINK C or Symantec C++ application.  Note
    that this is not usually the top-level folder for the compiler
    package but is instead one folder level down in a folder labeled
    something like "THINK C 5.0 Folder".

5.  Click the Extract button to unpack the archive.

6.  For each of the project files in the CS Libraries folder created in
    the previous step, use the compiler to build a new library file and
    save it in that folder.

Note that the Macintosh system creates three different libraries --
 cslib.lib, graphics.lib, and random.lib -- rather than a single file
containing all of the libraries.  On the Macintosh, each library is
restricted to a single 32K segment, and the libraries are therefore
divided into pieces to ensure that this restriction is met.

USING CSLIB ON THE MACINTOSH

To build a Macintosh program using the cslib libraries, you need to
include the libraries it uses as part of the project.  You must also
ensure that the project uses the same compiler options that were used to
produce the libraries.  For example, if the libraries were compiled
using 2-byte integers, the application project must also use 2-byte
integers.  The compiler does not check whether the option settings are
consistent; if they are not, it simply produces programs that will not
run correctly.

NOTES AND DISCLAIMERS

The cslib libraries are in the public domain and may be freely copied
and distributed, although they remain under development.  No warranties
are made concerning their correctness or stability, and no user support
is guaranteed.  Bug reports and suggestions, however, are appreciated
and may be sent to

                      Eric Roberts <ericr@aw.com>
