README file for the simplified subdirectory
Last modified on Thu Oct 20 00:01:22 1994 by eroberts
________________________________________________________________________

The simplified directory contains a simplified version of the cslib
library, as it appears in Appendix B of "The Art and Science of C: A
Library-Based Approach" (Addison-Wesley, 1995).

As in the standard library package, the graphics library provided in
this directory is a machine-independent implementation that writes a
data file called graphics.ps that can then be sent to a PostScript
printer.  If you want to draw actual figures on the screen, you need a
version of graphics.c that has been tailored for use with your specific
system.  Several implementations of graphics.c are included in other
subdirectories (unix-xwindows, mac-think-c, and pc-borland) of the cslib
directory.

The cslib/standard directory includes a more complete version of
graphics.c that provides more powerful facilities, which you should try
to use if possible.  The simplified libraries, however, are sufficient
for all examples used in the text.

INSTALLING THE SIMPLIFIED LIBRARIES

First of all, make sure that the simplified version of the libraries is
the one you want to install.  If you are using one of the platforms for
which the full cslib library package is implemented (XWindows on Unix,
Borland C/C++ on the IBM PC, or THINK C or Symantec C++ on the
Macintosh), you should be installing the version designed for that
system.  The cslib libraries produced by those packages are not only
more powerful but also easier to install.  Even if you are not using one
of these systems, you should try to install the standard version before
falling resorting to the simplified one.  For details on deciding what
version to install, see the README file in the Roberts.CS1.C directory.

The steps required to install the simplified library package depend very
much on what type of computer system and C compiler you have.  The
general steps, however, are as follows:

1.  Use FTP to copy all the files in the simplified directory to a new
    working directory on your machine.

2.  Copy the .h files from this directory into the standard #include
    path used by your compiler.

3.  Compile each of the source files (genlib.c, graphics.c, random.c,
    simpio.c, and strlib.c) to produce the corresponding object file.

4.  Combine the object files together to produce a library file.  The
    steps required to do so vary substantially from system to system,
    and you should consult the documentation for your compiler before
    proceeding.

5.  If you are installing this package on a shared machine, copy the
    library into some public directory where students can easily gain
    access to it.

NOTES AND DISCLAIMERS

The cslib libraries are in the public domain and may be freely copied
and distributed, although they remain under development.  No warranties
are made concerning their correctness or stability, and no user support
is guaranteed.  Bug reports and suggestions, however, are appreciated
and may be sent to

                      Eric Roberts <ericr@aw.com>
